Unit:
    1. aim (AIM) - % chance to hit the target (lowers with distance, additional penalties may apply)
    2. health (HP) - starting health of a unit in an encounter
    3. mobility (MOB) - number of grid tiles a unit can walk in a single action
    4. armor (ARM) - armor of the unit, can be destroyed; decreases incoming damage by arm stat but no lower than 1
    5. dodge (DOG) - % chance to dodge the incoming damage
    6. will (WIL) - % psychic stability to shuttering events during the encounter
    7. defence - % decreased from the attacker's aim, provided by cover + natural class bonus

Weapon:
    1. damage (DMG) - base damage dealt by a unit
    2. spread (SPR) - potential spread of the base damage, based on RNG
    3. plus_one (PLO) - % chance of dealing extra point of damage
    4. crit_chance (CRT) - % chance of dealing critical damage
    5. can_be_dodged (IDG) - boolean - whether a weapon can be dodged
    6. area_size (ARS) - size of the damage area in von neumann neighbourhood tiles
    7. env damage (ENV) - whether a weapon can destroy env objects
    8. range (RAN) - Manhattan range of the weapon (in tiles)
    9. ammo (AMM) - number of shots a weapon can shoot until reload

Traits (additional bonuses units might have):
    - sharpshooter - bonus aim 10%
    - thick skin - extra hp point
    - survivor - chance to not die after a lethal shot
    -

Weapon Classes:
    1. Rifle - average damage, mid range, mid ammop
    2. Shotgun - high damage, low range, huge penalties for distance
    3. Sniper - high damage, high range, low ammo
    4. Minigun - average-high damage, mid range, more ammo + extra abilities + lower mobility
    5. Grenade Launcher - mid range, env damage, fixed damage stat, low spread, destroys armour with upgrades

Attack events:
    - missed
    - dodged
    - damage

Weapon Properties:
    - weapons can have as many upgrades as the tier of the weapon (1-3, noted)

Challenges:
    - weapon upgrades affect unit stats

Notes:

- u128 fits 16 params
- what about making a Weapon copy the stats of the Unit but apply offset?
- so what if

Matchmaking:

- define random areas where units are placed; units limit is limited to 5, so the
area is von neumann neighbourhood of 1, precisely 5 points; each map contains pointers
to start locations, selected randomly;

TODOs:

- [ ] cover system
- [ ] multiplayer (random placement of units)
